add Multi-cluster Replication docs (#483)
temporalio/documentation: docs/server/multi-cluster.md

When there is a data conflict, comparison will be made and workflow history events with the highest version will win.

When a cluster is trying to mutate a workflow, version will be checked. A cluster can mutate a workflow if and only if

- version in the namespace belongs to this cluster, i.e.
  `(version in namespace) % (shared version increment) == (this cluster's initial version)`
- the version of this workflow's last event is equal or less then version in namespace, i.e.
  `(last event's version) <= (version in namespace)`

<details>
<summary>Namespace version change example
</summary>
  
Assume this scenario:

- Cluster A comes with initial version: 1
- Cluster B comes with initial version: 2
- Shared version increment: 10

T = 0: namespace α is registered, with active Cluster set to Cluster A

```
namespace α's version is 1
all workflows events generated within this namespace, will come with version 1
```

T = 1: namespace β is registered, with active Cluster set to Cluster B

```
namespace β's version is 2
all workflows events generated within this namespace, will come with version 2
```

> T = 2: namespace α is updated to with active Cluster set to Cluster B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T = 2: Namespace α is updated to with active Cluster set to Cluster B
```

```
namespace α's version is 2
all workflows events generated within this namespace, will come with version 2
```

> T = 3: namespace β is updated to with active Cluster set to Cluster A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T = 3: Namespace β is updated to with active Cluster set to Cluster A
```

```
namespace β's version is 11
all workflows events generated within this namespace, will come with version 11
```

</details>

> ## Version History

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version history
```

> Version history is a concept which provides high level summary about version information of workflow history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version history is a concept which provides a high level summary of version information in regards to Workflow Execution History.
```

> Whenever there is a new workflow history event generated, the version from namespace will be attached. Workflow mutable state will keep track of all history events & corresponding version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever there is a new Workflow Execution History entry generated, the version from Namespace will be attached.
The Workflow Executions's mutable state will keep track of all history entries (events) and the corresponding version.
```

```

T = 1: adding event with event ID == 2 & version == 1

View in both Cluster A & B

```
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Events                   | Version History           |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Event ID | Event Version | Event ID        | Version |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| 1        | 1             | 2               | 1       |
| 2        | 1             |                 |         |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
```

T = 2: adding event with event ID == 3 & version == 1

View in both Cluster A & B

```
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Events                   | Version History           |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Event ID | Event Version | Event ID        | Version |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| 1        | 1             | 3               | 1       |
| 2        | 1             |                 |         |
| 3        | 1             |                 |         |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
```

> T = 3: namespace failover triggered, namespace version is now 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T = 3: Namespace failover triggered, Namespace version is now 2
```

| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Event ID | Event Version | Event ID        | Version |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| 1        | 1             | 3               | 1       |
| 2        | 1             | 4               | 2       |
| 3        | 1             |                 |         |
| 4        | 2             |                 |         |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
```

T = 4: adding event with event ID == 5 & version == 2

View in both Cluster A & B

```
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Events                   | Version History           |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| Event ID | Event Version | Event ID        | Version |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
| 1        | 1             | 3               | 1       |
| 2        | 1             | 5               | 2       |
| 3        | 1             |                 |         |
| 4        | 2             |                 |         |
| 5        | 2             |                 |         |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- | ------- |
```

</details>

> Since Temporal is AP, during failover (change of active Temporal of a namespace), there exist cases where more than one Cluster can modify a workflow, causing divergence of workflow history. Below shows how version history will look like under such conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Temporal is AP, during failover (change of active Temporal Cluster Namespace), there can exist cases where more than one Cluster can modify a Workflow Execution, causing divergence of Workflow  Execution History. Below shows how the version history will look like under such conditions.
```
> Since Temporal is AP, during failover (change of active Temporal of a namespace)

What is AP here?
What is "change of active Temporal of a namespace:

<details>
<summary>Version history example (with data conflict)
</summary>
  

> Below will show version history of the same workflow in 2 different Clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, shows version history of the same Workflow Execution in 2 different Clusters.
```

| -------- | ------------- |   | -------- | ------------- |
| Event ID | Event Version |   | Event ID | Event Version |
| -------- | ------------- |   | -------- | ------------- |
| 4        | 2             |   | 4        | 3             |
| -------- | ------------- |   | -------- | ------------- |

          | --------------- | ------- |
          | Version History           |
          | --------------- | ------- |
          | Event ID        | Version |
          | --------------- | ------- |
          | 2               | 1       |
          | 3               | 2       |
          | --------------- | ------- |
                            |
                  | ------- | ------------------- |
                  |                               |
| --------------- | ------- |   | --------------- | ------- |
| Event ID        | Version |   | Event ID        | Version |
| --------------- | ------- |   | --------------- | ------- |
| 4               | 2       |   | 4               | 3       |
| --------------- | ------- |   | --------------- | ------- |
```

T = 2: replication task from Cluster B arrives in Cluster C, same as above

</details>

> ## Workflow History Conflict Resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workflow Execution History conflict resolution
```

> When a workflow encounters divergence of workflow history, proper conflict resolution should be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Workflow Execution History diverges, proper conflict resolution should be applied.
```

> In Multi-cluster Replication, workflow history events are modeled as a tree, as shown in the second example in [### Version History].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Multi-cluster Replication, Workflow Execution History entries (events) are modeled as a tree, as shown in the second example in [### Version History].
```

> [### Version History]

Where is that supposed to point to? Is that supposed to be a link?

> Workflows which encounters divergence will have more than one history branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflow Execution Histories that diverge will have more than one history branches.
```

> Among all history branches, the history branch with the highest version is considered as the `current branch` and workflow mutable state is a summary of the current branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among all history branches, the history branch with the highest version is considered the `current branch` and the Workflow Execution's mutable state is a summary of the current branch.
```

> Whenever there is a switch between workflow history branches, a complete rebuild of workflow mutable state will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever there is a switch between Workflow Execution History branches, a complete rebuild of the Workflow Execution's mutable state will occur.
```

## Zombie Workflows

> There is an existing contract that for any namespace & workflow ID combination, there can be at most one run (namespace & workflow ID & run ID) open / running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an existing contract that for any Namespace and Workflow Id combination, there can be at most one run (Namespace + Workflow Id  + Run Id) open / executing.
```

> Multi-cluster Replication aims to keep the workflow state as up-to-date as possible among all participating Clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-cluster Replication aims to keep the Workflow Execution History as up-to-date as possible among all participating Clusters.
```

> Due to the nature of Multi-cluster Replication, i.e. workflow history events are replicated asynchronously, different run (same namespace & workflow ID) can arrive at target Cluster at different times, sometimes out of order, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the nature of Multi-cluster Replication (i.e. Workflow Execution History events are replicated asynchronously) different Runs (same Namespace and Workflow Id) can arrive at the target Cluster at different times, sometimes out of order, as shown below:
```

        |                          |                          |
        | Run 1 Replication Events |                          |
        | -----------------------> |                          |
        |                          |                          |
        | Run 2 Replication Events |                          |
        | -----------------------> |                          |
        |                          |                          |
        |                          |                          |
        |                          |                          |
        |                          | Run 2 Replication Events |
        |                          | -----------------------> |
        |                          |                          |
        |                          | Run 1 Replication Events |
        |                          | -----------------------> |
        |                          |                          |
| ------------- |          | ------------- |          | ------------- |
|   Cluster A   |          | Network Layer |          |   Cluster B   |
| ------------- |          | ------------- |          | ------------- |
```

> Since run 2 appears in Cluster B first, run 1 cannot be replicated as runnable due to rule `at most one run open` (see above), thus, `zombie` workflow state is introduced. Zombie state indicates a workflow which cannot be actively mutated by a Cluster (assuming corresponding namespace is active in this Cluster). A zombie workflow can only be changed by replication task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Run 2 appears in Cluster B first, Run 1 cannot be replicated as "runnable" due to the rule `at most one Run open` (see above), thus the "zombie" Workflow Execution state is introduced. 
A "zombie" state is one in which a Workflow Execution which cannot be actively mutated by a Cluster (assuming the corresponding Namespace is active in this Cluster). A zombie Workflow Execution can only be changed by a replication task.
```

> Run 1 will be replicated similar to run 2, except run 1's workflow state will be zombie before run 1 reaches completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run 1 will be replicated similar to Run 2, except when Run 1's execution will become a "zombie" before Run 1 reaches completion.
```
I think I edited this to still be accurate, but hard to tell as it was a fairly confusing sentence.

> ## Workflow Task Processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workflow Task processing
```

> In the context of Multi-cluster Replication, workflow mutable state is an entity which tracks all pending tasks.
> Prior to the introduction of Multi-cluster Replication, workflow history events are from a single branch, and Temporal server will only append new events to workflow history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of Multi-cluster Replication, a Workflow Execution's mutable state is an entity which tracks all pending tasks.
Prior to the introduction of Multi-cluster Replication, Workflow Execution History entries (events) are from a single branch, and the Temporal Server will only append new entries (events) to the Workflow Execution History.
```

> After the introduction of Multi-cluster Replication, it is possible that a workflow can have multiple workflow history branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the introduction of Multi-cluster Replication, it is possible that a Workflow Execution can have multiple Workflow Execution History branches.
```

> Tasks generated according to one history branch maybe invalidated by history branch switching during conflict resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks generated according to one history branch may become invalidated by switching history branches during conflict resolution.
```

Example:

T = 0: task A is generated according to event ID: 4, version: 2

```
| -------- | ------------- |
| Events                   |
| -------- | ------------- |
| Event ID | Event Version |
| -------- | ------------- |
| 1        | 1             |
| 2        | 1             |
| 3        | 2             |
| -------- | ------------- |
           |
           |
| -------- | ------------- |
| Event ID | Event Version |
| -------- | ------------- |
| 4        | 2             | <-- task A belongs to this event
| -------- | ------------- |
```

> T = 1: conflict resolution happens, workflow mutable state is rebuilt and history event ID: 4, version: 3 is written down to persistence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T = 1: conflict resolution happens, Workflow Execution's mutable state is rebuilt and history event ID: 4, version: 3 is written down to persistence
```

```
                | -------- | ------------- |
                | Events                   |
                | -------- | ------------- |
                | Event ID | Event Version |
                | -------- | ------------- |
                | 1        | 1             |
                | 2        | 1             |
                | 3        | 2             |
                | -------- | ------------- |
                           |
           | ------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
           |                                                              |
| -------- | ------------- |                                   | -------- | ------------- |
| Event ID | Event Version |                                   | Event ID | Event Version |
| -------- | ------------- |                                   | -------- | ------------- |
| 4        | 2             | <-- task A belongs to this event  | 4        | 3             | <-- current branch / mutable state
| -------- | ------------- |                                   | -------- | ------------- |
```

T = 2: task A is loaded.

> At this time, due to the rebuilt of workflow mutable state (conflict resolution), task A is no longer relevant (task A's corresponding event belongs to non-current branch). Task processing logic will verify both the event ID and version of the task against corresponding workflow mutable state, then discard task A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, due to the rebuild of a Workflow Execution's mutable state (conflict resolution), task A is no longer relevant (task A's corresponding event belongs to non-current branch).
Task processing logic will verify both the event ID and version of the task against a corresponding Workflow Execution's mutable state, then discard task A.
```
